Update index.adoc (#22)
neo4j/docs-status-codes: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

Neo.[Classification].[Category].[Title]
-----

> The fact that a status code is returned by the server doesn't always mean there is a fatal error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fact that a status code is returned by the server does not always mean there is a fatal error.
```
